While going through the data set you found out that the State column in the Orders table also contains Union territories and found a mistake.

You found that for Chandigarh the city is marked as Delhi. You pointed out this mistake to database manager and he asks you to update the table

Write the query to update the city as Chandigarh where the State is Chandigarh.
Print all the contents of the table after updating.

Refer table-orders
Order_ID(VARCHAR) - Primary Key for each orde

r placed
Order_Date(VARCHAR) - when was the order placed
Ship_Date(VARCHAR) - when was the order shipped
Customer_ID(VARCHAR) -ID of the customer who placed the order
Segment(VARCHAR) - to which segment does the product sold belongs to
State(VARCHAR) - State where the order was placed
City(VARCHAR) - City where the order was placed
Product_ID(VARCHAR) - ID of the product sold
Category(VARCHAR) - Category of the product Sold
SubCategory(VARCHAR) - Sub category of the product Sold
Product_Name(VARCHAR) - Name of the product sold
Sales(DOUBLE) -Sale price of the order
Quantity(DOUBLE) - Quantity of product for which order was placed
Discount(DOUBLE) - % Discount offered on the MRP
Profit(DOUBLE) - Total Profit made on the order

UPDATE orders
SET City = 'Chandigarh'
WHERE State = 'Chandigarh';

--Q2-.As a next step, you want to know how much company profit has been generated by the company so far.

Write a query to find the total profit sum from orders table.

Result should be such that only total profit sum is returned.

select  SUM(Profit) from orders;

-Q3--.Going through the data, you also want to report orders where there was loss.

Write a query to get all the orders where there was a loss and report the order ID, product name and loss. Sort the result in a format that the highest loss is on the top.

select order_ID,Product_Name,profit from orders where profit<0 order by profit asc
;

-Q4--.You now want to know if there are particular states which are making losses. Write a query to get the State and sum of profit for each state. The result should be in increasing order of profit.
SELECT state ,SUM(profit) from orders group by state order by SUM(profit) asc ;


-Q5--.ou have done a great job in helping the firm come up with states which are reporting losses. Now you want to go further and list categories in each state and see their profit. This will help analyze how various categories are performing in each state.

SELECT State, Category, SUM(Profit)
FROM orders
GROUP BY State, Category ;


-Q6--.Since you want to help the segment managers get fair evaluation and your manager has asked you to get the covid effect on the sales.

Write the query to get sum of sales, sum of profit for the year 2020

select sum(sales),sum(profit) from orders where Order_Date  like "%20";


Q7--.Write a query to find the customer details having the highest Profit. The result should be such that you are easily able to find the highest profitable customer.

The query should have columns : Customer_ID, Customer_Name_, sum of Sales, sum of Profit, count of Order_ID.

select  orders.Customer_ID, Customer_Name_,SUM(orders.Sales),SUM(orders.Profit),COUNT(orders.Order_ID) from orders join customers on orders.Customer_ID=customers.Customer_ID group by Customer_Name_,customers.Customer_ID order by sum(Profit) desc ; 


SELECT * FROM orders;
